LYTRO POWER TOOLS (BETA) LICENSE AGREEMENT

PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS CAREFULLY BEFORE DOWNLOADING,
INSTALLING, OR USING THE LYTRO POWER TOOLS, BETA (THE “SOFTWARE”). THE TERMS
AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT GOVERN USE OF THE SOFTWARE AND ALL AUTHORIZED
COPIES OF IT, UNLESS YOU AND LYTRO, INC. (“LYTRO”) HAVE EXECUTED A SEPARATE
AGREEMENT GOVERNING USE OF THE SOFTWARE THAT EXCLUDES THE APPLICATION OF THIS
AGREEMENT.

THE DOCUMENTATION FOR THE LYTRO POWER TOOLS (BETA) DESCRIBES SPECIFIC WAYS TO
OBTAIN AND USE ROOT LEVEL ACCESS TO YOUR LYTRO CAMERA’S ANDROID OPERATING
SYSTEM. ANY OTHER ACCESS AND OPERATIONS NOT DESCRIBED IN SUCH DOCUMENTATION
ARE CONSIDERED BY LYTRO TO BE UNAUTHORIZED MODIFICATIONS TO THE LYTRO CAMERA.
UNAUTHORIZED MODIFICATIONS CAN PERMANENTLY DAMAGE AND/OR RENDER THE LYTRO
CAMERA INOPERABLE AND ARE NOT COVERED UNDER YOUR CAMERA’S WARRANTY.

Lytro is willing to license the Software to you only upon the condition that
you accept all the terms contained in this agreement.  By (1) clicking an
“Accept,” “Agree” or similar button or link, or (2) downloading, installing,
or using the Software, you indicate that you understand this agreement and
accept all of its terms. If you are accepting the terms of this agreement on
behalf of a company or other legal entity, you represent and warrant that you
have the authority to bind that company or other legal entity to the terms of
this agreement, and, in such event, “you” and “your” will refer to that
company or other legal entity.

1.	License Grant.  Lytro reserves all rights in the Software not expressly
granted to you in this agreement.  Conditioned upon your compliance with the
terms and conditions of this agreement, Lytro grants you a non-exclusive
license to (1) load and install the executable form of the Software; and (2)
run the executable form of the Software only with a Lytro camera and with
pictures taken with a Lytro camera, and only to utilize the functionality of
the Software as designed by Lytro.

2.	Restrictions.
    (a)	Except as expressly specified in this agreement, expressly permitted
    by Lytro in writing, or mandated by applicable law, you may not: (1)
    exceed your rights expressly granted in this agreement; (2) copy or modify
    the Software, including but not limited to, adding new features or
    otherwise making adaptations that alter or expand the functioning of the
    Software; or (3) Subject to Section 1, make the functionality of the
    Software available to multiple users through any means, including but not
    limited to, time-sharing, uploading the Software to a network or
    file-sharing service or through any hosting, application services
    provider, service bureau, software-as-a-service (SaaS) or any other type
    of services.
    (b)	You acknowledge and agree that the Software, including but not limited
    to features such as the source code; the internal operation of the
    Software; and the specific design, structure, and algorithms of individual
    modules or programs, constitutes or contains trade secrets of Lytro and
    its licensors. Lytro and its licensors could suffer significant damages if
    you derive and disseminate any such features of the Software.
    Accordingly, you agree not to disassemble, decompile, reverse engineer,
    use tools to observe the internal operation of the Software, or otherwise
    attempt to derive any such features of the Software, in whole or in part,
    or permit or authorize a third party to do so, except to the extent such
    activities are expressly permitted by law notwithstanding this prohibition.
    (c)	The Software allows you to copy, use, and utilize the light field
    capability of pictures, which are generally subject to copyright
    protection.  You agree to use the Software only with pictures which you
    have the right to copy, use, and edit with the Software and in compliance
    with applicable law.
    (d)	If you use the Software in conjunction with any other software or
    software tools (“Additional Software”), you agree that (1) you will use
    only Additional Software that is owned or properly licensed to you, and
    (2) you will indemnify and hold Lytro, its affiliates, and their
    respective officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and service
    providers harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable
    attorneys' fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of your
    unauthorized use of Additional Software.
    (e)	THE SOFTWARE’S DOCUMENTATION PROVIDED BY LYTRO DESCRIBES SPECIFIC WAYS
    TO OBTAIN AND USE ROOT LEVEL ACCESS TO YOUR LYTRO CAMERA’S ANDROID
    OPERATING SYSTEM. ANY OTHER ACCESS AND OPERATIONS NOT DESCRIBED IN THE
    SOFTWARE’S DOCUMENTATION ARE CONSIDERED BY LYTRO TO BE UNAUTHORIZED
    MODIFICATIONS TO THE LYTRO CAMERA. UNAUTHORIZED MODIFICATIONS CAN
    PERMANENTLY DAMAGE AND/OR RENDER THE LYTRO CAMERA INOPERABLE AND ARE NOT
    COVERED UNDER YOUR CAMERA’S WARRANTY.

3.	Feedback.  You are not required to provide any feedback to Lytro about the
Software. Any suggestions, feedback or other disclosures made by you about the
Software are voluntary. Lytro and its affiliates shall be free to use your
suggestions, feedback or other information in the further development of Lytro
products, without obligation of any kind to you.

4.	Ownership.  The Software and any authorized copies are the intellectual
property of Lytro and its licensors.  The Software and all of its copies are
licensed, not sold.  The Software is protected by applicable law, including
United States and foreign copyright laws and international treaties.  You will
not delete or in any manner alter the copyright, trademark, and other
proprietary rights notices or markings appearing on or in the Software as
delivered to you.

5.	Term and Termination.  The license granted under this agreement remains in
effect for a period of 75 years, unless earlier terminated in accordance with
this agreement.  You may terminate the license at any time by destroying all
copies of the Software in your possession or control.  The license granted
under this agreement is expressly conditioned on your compliance with this
agreement and will automatically terminate, with or without notice from Lytro,
if you breach any term of this agreement.  Upon termination, you must cease
all use of the Software and promptly delete and destroy all copies, full or
partial, of the Software.

6.	Updates and Upgrades; No Obligation. Lytro is not obligated to maintain or
support the Software, or provide you with updates, upgrades, new versions or
new releases of the Software (collectively, “Updates”) or services related
thereto.  If Lytro provides you with any Updates, unless otherwise agreed
between you and Lytro, the terms and conditions of this agreement will apply
to all such Updates.

7.	Compliance with Laws. You agree to comply with all applicable laws, rules,
and regulations when using the Software.

8.	No Warranty.  EXCEPT FOR CONSUMER PURCHASERS DOMICILED IN THE PROVINCE OF
QUEBEC, CANADA, AND TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE SOFTWARE IS
PROVIDED “AS IS”, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND.  TO THE FULLEST EXTENT
PERMITTED BY LAW, LYTRO AND ITS LICENSORS DISCLAIM ALL TERMS, WARRANTIES,
CONDITIONS, GUARANTEES, REPRESENTATIONS OR UNDERTAKINGS, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY IMPLIED TERMS, WARRANTIES, CONDITIONS,
GUARANTEES, REPRESENTATIONS OR UNDERTAKINGS, OF MERCHANTABILITY, ACCEPTABLE
QUALITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT, AND ANY TERMS,
WARRANTIES, CONDITIONS, GUARANTEES, REPRESENTATIONS OR UNDERTAKINGS, ARISING
OUT OF OR IN THE COURSE OF DEALING OR USAGE OF TRADE.  EXCEPT FOR CONSUMER
PURCHASERS DOMICILED IN THE PROVINCE OF QUEBEC, CANADA, NO ADVICE OR
INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED FROM LYTRO OR ELSEWHERE WILL
CREATE ANY TERM, WARRANTY, CONDITION, GUARANTEE, REPRESENTATION OR UNDERTAKING
NOT EXPRESSLY STATED IN THIS AGREEMENT.

9.	Limitation of Liability. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW. LYTRO’S
AND ITS LICENSORS' TOTAL LIABILITY TO YOU FROM ALL CAUSES OF ACTION AND UNDER
ALL THEORIES OF LIABILITY (INCLUDING UNDER ANY INDEMNITY, WARRANTY, GUARANTEE
OR OTHERWISE) WILL BE LIMITED TO THE AMOUNTS EXPRESSLY PAID TO LYTRO BY YOU
FOR THE SOFTWARE. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, LYTRO OR ITS
LICENSORS WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY,
PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND (OR FOR ANY LOSS OF DATA,
BUSINESS, PROFITS, ABILITY TO EXECUTE OR ANY OTHER PECUNIARY LOSS) OR FOR THE
COST OF PROCURING SUBSTITUTE PRODUCTS ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH
THIS AGREEMENT OR THE EXECUTION OR PERFORMANCE OF THE SOFTWARE, WHETHER SUCH
LIABILITY ARISES FROM ANY CLAIM BASED UPON CONTRACT, WARRANTY, UNDER AN
INDEMNITY OR GUARANTEE, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), STRICT LIABILITY OR
OTHERWISE, AND WHETHER OR NOT LYTRO HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
SUCH LOSS OR DAMAGE.  THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS WILL SURVIVE AND APPLY EVEN IF
ANY LIMITED REMEDY SPECIFIED IN THIS AGREEMENT IS FOUND TO HAVE FAILED OF ITS
ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.  Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or
exclusion of liability for incidental or consequential damages, so the above
limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.

10.	U.S. Government End Users.  The Software has been developed entirely at
private expense and is provided as “Commercial Computer Software” or
“restricted computer software.”  Use, duplication or disclosure of the
Software by the U.S. Government or a U.S. Government subcontractor is subject
to the restrictions set forth in subparagraph (c) (1) (ii) of the Rights in
Technical Data and Computer Software clauses in DFARS 252.227-7013 or as set
forth in subparagraph (c) (1) and (2) of the Commercial Computer Software -
Restricted Rights clauses at FAR 52.227-19, as applicable. The use of the
Software and any related documentation is further restricted in accordance
with the terms of this agreement.

11.	Export Law.  You agree to comply fully with all applicable import, export
and encryption laws, including U.S. import and export laws and regulations to
ensure that neither the Software nor any technical data related thereto nor
any direct product thereof are exported or re-exported directly or indirectly
in violation of, or used for any purposes prohibited by, such laws and
regulations.

12.	Transfer.  You cannot rent, lease, sublicense, assign or transfer your
rights in the Software, or authorize any portion of the Software to be copied
onto another user’s camera, computer or other device.

13.	General.  This agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance
with the laws of the State of California, United States, without regard to or
application of conflict of laws rules or principles.  The United Nations
Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods will not apply.
You may not assign or transfer this agreement or any rights granted hereunder,
by operation of law or otherwise, without Lytro’s prior written consent. Any
attempt by you to do so, without such consent, will be void.  Except as
expressly set forth in this agreement, the exercise by either party of any of
its remedies under this agreement will be without prejudice to its other
remedies under this agreement or otherwise.  All notices or approvals required
or permitted under this agreement will be in writing and delivered by email
transmission, overnight delivery service, or certified mail, and in each
instance will be deemed given upon receipt.  All notices or approvals will be
sent by Lytro to you to the physical or electronic address you provide to us.
All notices will be sent by you to Lytro to legal@lytro.com. For notices sent
by email the date of receipt will be deemed the date on which such notice is
transmitted. The failure by either party to enforce any provision of this
agreement will not constitute a waiver of future enforcement of that or any
other provision.  Any waiver, modification, or amendment of any provision of
this agreement will be effective only if in writing and signed by authorized
representatives of both parties.  If a court of competent jurisdiction holds
any provision of this agreement to be unenforceable or invalid, that provision
will be enforced to the maximum extent possible, and the other provisions will
remain in full force and effect.  This agreement is the complete and exclusive
understanding and agreement between the parties regarding its subject matter,
and supersedes all proposals, understandings, or communications between the
parties, oral or written, regarding its subject matter, unless you and Lytro
have executed a separate agreement.

14.	Third Party Code. The Software includes certain independent code that is
developed by third parties (“Third Party Code”). The Third Party Code is owned
by the respective third parties, and Lytro does not claim authorship or
ownership of any Third Party Code. Unless expressly disclaimed by the
author(s), copyrights to the Third Party Code are held by the respective
author(s). Except as expressly specified otherwise in the documentation
accompanying the Software, the Third Party Code is licensed to you in
accordance with the terms of this agreement.
***


